# AWS::CloudFormation::ModuleVersion

A module that has been registered in the CloudFormation registry.

## Syntax

To declare this entity in your AWS CloudFormation template, use the following syntax:

### JSON

<pre>
{
    "Type" : "AWS::CloudFormation::ModuleVersion",
    "Properties" : {
        "<a href="#modulename" title="ModuleName">ModuleName</a>" : <i>String</i>,
        "<a href="#modulepackage" title="ModulePackage">ModulePackage</a>" : <i>String</i>,
    }
}
</pre>

### YAML

<pre>
Type: AWS::CloudFormation::ModuleVersion
Properties:
    <a href="#modulename" title="ModuleName">ModuleName</a>: <i>String</i>
    <a href="#modulepackage" title="ModulePackage">ModulePackage</a>: <i>String</i>
</pre>

## Properties

#### ModuleName

The name of the module being registered.

Recommended module naming pattern: company_or_organization::service::type::MODULE.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Pattern_: <code>^[A-Za-z0-9]{2,64}::[A-Za-z0-9]{2,64}::[A-Za-z0-9]{2,64}::MODULE</code>

_Update requires_: [Replacement](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-replacement)

#### ModulePackage

The url to the S3 bucket containing the schema and template fragment for the module you want to register.

_Required_: Yes

_Type_: String

_Update requires_: [Replacement](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-update-behaviors.html#update-replacement)

## Return Values

### Ref

When you pass the logical ID of this resource to the intrinsic `Ref` function, Ref returns the Arn.

### Fn::GetAtt

The `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function returns a value for a specified attribute of this type. The following are the available attributes and sample return values.

For more information about using the `Fn::GetAtt` intrinsic function, see [Fn::GetAtt](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/intrinsic-function-reference-getatt.html).

#### Arn

The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the module.

#### Description

The description of the registered module.

#### DocumentationUrl

The URL of a page providing detailed documentation for this module.

#### IsDefaultVersion

Indicator of whether this module version is the current default version

#### Schema

The schema defining input parameters to and resources generated by the module.

#### TimeCreated

The time that the specified module version was registered.

#### VersionId

The version ID of the module represented by this module instance.

#### Visibility

The scope at which the type is visible and usable in CloudFormation operations.

The only allowed value at present is:

PRIVATE: The type is only visible and usable within the account in which it is registered. Currently, AWS CloudFormation marks any types you register as PRIVATE.
